hi guys welcome to my channel my name is
michaa and today we are going to talk
about how we can blame everyone else for
our reality we blame everyone else
because it's the end of the year and we
actually want to push away the
responsibility everyone else is
responsible for how we feel and what's
happening in our lives if you just
agreed to that then please get off of my
channel unsub subscribe me if you have
subscribed I am not going to help you
and my video will probably just waste
your time so please just get off enjoy
your miserable life
and come back when you're ready to
change I don't want to be harsh at all
but that's reality and I really want you
to be the best version of yourself and
I've been through so much myself I can
tell that blaming other
doesn't work and I know you say oh this
and this happened to me it's not my
mistake it's not my responsibility to
change to take on this responsibility
I'm not the reason to feel miserable yes
you do yes you do you are the reason
doesn't matter how hard you think it
sounds you are the reason for everything
that happens in your life good bad
miserable happy name it what whatever
you want name it you are the reason for
whatever happens in your life and I want
you to be the best version of yourself I
want you to live your dream life and I
know you cannot live your dream life if
you are not taking responsibility of
whatever happens in your life so in this
video I'm going to explain to you why it
is good to be the reason for anything
bad that happens in your life let's get
into this if you think it's more easy to
just blame others hello wake up easy is
not getting you anywhere easy is for the
normal people out there you don't want
to be normal you want to get out the
most of your life you are dreaming of
whatever you're dreaming of a big bank
account or the perfect body or being an
influenc or starting a YouTube channel
or having a free life finding the love
of your
dreams whatever is what you're aspiring
to it's
not for the normal people who are just
accepting whatever comes to them who are
living on autopilot and saying oh this
bad thing happened to me that's why I
cannot change oh [__] I cannot do x y
and c I cannot start my YouTube channel
because I'm not looking good enough I
cannot start my YouTube channel because
I cannot talk good enough I cannot be
influencer because my body is not skinny
enough stop all of this these are all
excuses lazy excuses for people who do
not want to change and lazy excuses for
people who are afraid to take up space
who are afraid to win in life and that's
a big topic as well maybe I make another
video on that and I was guilty of that
too don't get me wrong I'm talking here
because I know it from firsthand I've
been through all of this it took me so
long to get over certain things it's an
constant evolving and learning process
that never stops and that's actually
also the blessing of life but I want you
to understand whatever happens in your
life from now on I want you to say my
responsibility I'm responsible for it so
I'm also Empower to change it because we
always think oh it's so bad to be
responsible for bad things that happen
but actually responsibility is nothing
else than power because if you're
responsible for something if you say
yeah this is my responsibility then you
also say yeah this is my power I'm that
powerful to bring this into life I can
also bring it out of my life I can also
bring something else into my life
because I'm that powerful so I want you
to completely change the point of view
you have on bad things that happen in
your life and I want you to from now on
just understand first of all every
responsibility is good second of all
every bad thing that happens is whose
mistake who is the reason for it you and
whatever you're dreaming of it's not too
big you are enough for whatever you want
so okay now you will be sitting here and
wondering yeah but how do I do that how
do I change my reality it's pretty
simple and pretty easy it's a decision
to take and then stop overthinking
things it's a decision to take and to do
and even if you fail once you fail twice
you fail three four five times even if
you fail 100 times you keep trying until
it's a new normal for you what does this
mean if I want to be a YouTuber for
example and every day I'm having excuses
why I'm not a YouTuber but I'm looking
at other people and I'm like oh you see
she can do this because she's beautiful
you see she can do this because her body
is nice then you're putting the power
that you have on other people but if you
start to see yourself as who you are and
you start to say okay I'm going to do
this no matter what you start to take
action that will help you to achieve
whatever you want if you think you can
be YouTuber if doesn't matter how you
look where you live how your body is
then you are going to be it because
you're already living this frequency
you're already embodying this life that
you want let's take it more easy say you
want to lose weight right you are
overweight or you're not overweight but
you want to lose weight you don't feel
feel good in the body in how you look
and you think you will be more happy
once you lost 5 CES for example every
day you wake up and you feel miserable
because you think you're not beautiful
enough and you need to lose weight but
you are in a mindset of luck you're in a
mindset of I'm not happy and I need
something from outside to happen in
order to be happy let me tell you
something that's not going to happen you
cannot be happy after something happens
in your life you first need to be it you
need to be it first in order to make it
happen in this reality in this
threedimensional physical rearm because
how you think a door exists or how do
you think this phone exists someone
first had to think about it and then
bring it into existence you first have
to have it in your mind in order to
bring it then into your existence
you want to be more skinny you have to
feel already you have to feel not more
skinny because the thing you want is in
the end to feel differently right you
want to feel differently if it's through
money through looks through appearance
through love whatever it is you want to
feel differently than what you're
feeling right now the magic happens when
you start to understand you need to just
feel this already before it happens so
once you are in a position where you
just don't care if this thing happens or
it doesn't happen if you have this body
or you don't or if you're successful you
YouTuber or you don't or if you have
this amount of money or you don't
because you are already feeling the
amount of happiness you are already
feeling free you are already feeling
confident you are already feeling all of
this but you thought you will feel once
you have this outcome your desired
reality if that makes any sense to you I
know it's easier said than done that's
what you think but it's not it's
actually as easy done as said but
sometimes our ego is playing games with
us even me sometimes when my boyfriend
is doing something and it makes my
energy drain or it makes me angry I'm
giving him the power and I feel like oh
he must make it up but in the end no
babe it's not like this and I need need
to remind myself as well it's not like
that I need to be in charge of how I
feel and I need to say to myself listen
whatever this person has done right now
it doesn't affect how I feel because
only I am in charge of how I feel and I
want my reality to be in Bliss abundance
happiness I want my reality to be all
the good things in life so why would I
allow someone else to alter my emotion
and then it altering my reality
afterwards because I didn't explain you
one thing why is there a connection
between my emotions my
thoughts and this physical real this
reality because all is energy we are all
energy and everything that is here right
now exists because of a person who had a
thought who brought this thought into
reality right and this thought is what
also energy it's like Steam and ice
right it's the same thing it's both
water but the vibration is different so
you have to imagine your thoughts are
like Steam and once it appears in the
reality it's like ice it's it's the
Frozen thought kind of you are so
powerful that you actually can manifest
anything you want in your reality you
just need to believe it do it and feel
it first maybe you don't know know what
you want but you don't do any harm to
yourself if you just work on feeling
your best you want to feel happy you
want to feel love you want to feel
fulfilled and even if you don't know how
to feel this even if you don't know what
it is that makes you feel all of this
you can try it out you can go out try
new hobbies to dance to walk to do
things differently than you're doing
right now because if you keep doing the
things the same way you're doing it
right right now guess what your reality
is going to be the same way as it is
right now and listen girl no one is
going to save you nobody You Are by
yourself all your life I have this in
another video you are responsible for
yourself and nobody is going to save you
not your parents not your boyfriend not
your husband nobody you need to take
care of yourself
and that's the only way
how you can feel fulfilled as well you
can only feel your best self once you
are operating from your best self from
the version of your best self nobody is
going to save you that's why also
painful to understand and to come to
realization that literally nobody is
coming to save me no but it's not
painful it's actually me I always F oh
no oh my God it's so painful when
nobody's going to save me when nobody
has my back and I always thought this is
so difficult but it's actually relief
because you're not waiting for someone
you're not waiting for something to
happen you make it happen yourself you
take the steps yourself you take the
decisions yourself I want you to
completely
take power take responsibility over
everything that happens again it's a
good thing it's a great thing it's am
amazing it's easy and it's not that
difficult I promise you once things
starting to go your way it all seems
like why haven't I started this earlier
I believe in you and I know you will
come back to me depending how quickly
you understand and how quickly you want
to change and you will say I am so
thankful for your video I'm so happy as
started to change it's easy girl I'm
grateful for you to take the journey to
want better for yourself believe me we
are just 1% of the whole population who
want different things maybe it seems
more difficult in the beginning but in
the end we're not happy with a 9 to5 job
with a normal autopilot life and it's a
blessing because there are not many
people out there who are striving in for
more who are striving for a different
life be happy about it try to understand
how special you are and how powerful you
are thank you so much for watching I see
you in my next video and I love you so
much bye-bye